hey guys I've heard you on other channel
speaking to people and messaging and
even comments of how to download mods on
to their tacit so this is it I've picked
mods here this is a timber mod I'll
leave a link in the district description
let me just do that now so you click on
that and once you done you needin
Firefox or less once you're done you
click skip ad go too I'm gonna going on
there but go to other Goldman war press
ok because your mother you don't
need this because I was I might show up
as win more so you go in there then it
rather might be in your face mines down
here here there so then once that's done
you going here type in percent app data
sin Rome in sorry my good boots a bit
laggy technic launcher wait for it to
load then you look go on here fine
Tekkit double click go on mods if you've
realized I go here and I drag and drop
it over to you it's not working see it's
not coming up so you guys get stuck on
see it's not on the tease so you x well
you don't you exit this page
go on mods right click it then get a
dart to archives and your a/c ass and
then you should get a folder we want for
it to download should get a folder down
here I think okay so you click on that
open with one more archiver I'm sorry
guys welcome you expect a deeper do once
you've pressed on the program you go who
don't give all that good mods their
ruler see so you drag and drop the
timber there see it comes up then you
find where you put it in my mod see I
put it there you click it and then you
need to find not anything extract to
have a purse if they're Pacific surf ID
folder right click then you find it here
you go on your name app that as a room
in technic launcher Tekkit mods and then
click click on their should come up with
that and then the only solution mods
press ok and then exit this exit this go
on wads wait calm wats and scroll down
on the page
and yeah okay guys that's it bye hope
you learn from this video and have fun
and I didn't want to take it but I just
recommend the timber one book is just